Q1: What are the 3 commands to transfer something from your local codebase to GitHub?
git add
git commit
git push

Q2: What does 'git clone' do? 
Git clone points to an existing repository and makes a copy of it so that the repository can be copied/cloned into a new directory. In our instances we clone the repository on
GitHub in order to copy it and bring it to our local directory. 

Q3: What does 'git status' do?
This tells us the state of my local repository. More specifically, whether or not the branch I am working on is up to date with the master branch.
In short it tells you whether your work is most up to date with the master branch and if it is not how many commits behind it is. 

Q4: What does "Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'" tell you?
This means that the state and changes of my branch is the same as the master/origin branch. In other words it tells you if the content in your branch and the master branch is the same.

Q5: You’ve made a change to a file in GitHub, the one on the browser, and now you run 'git status' on the terminal. It still says "Up to Date" despite the change. What command do you need to enter first?
You need to run the command git fetch first. 

Q6: You’ve just ran the 'rm' command and deleted an important file. All your code is deleted, not including the local repository. You only ran 'git add' and 'git commit' before the rogue command. Is your code saved?
So, the git add command will have added the changes to the code but not the original code itself to a working directory in the staging area. These changes will have been saved, but the original code would be gone. However, the code can be redownloaded and these changes can be then added to the original code. This would then help recover the changes and the code. 
 
Q7: Your computer crashes and all your code is deleted, including the local repository. You only ran 'git add' and 'git commit'. Is your code saved?
The code is not saved because you did not push your changes. In order to push your changes you also have to run git push. The problme here is that your local
repository is also deleted. Only the work until the last push you have done is saved. 

